Helm migration instructions for 2.12 (#1245)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2.12/tasks/install-helm.md

## Helm install procedure

You need to install two separate charts in succession: first `linkerd-base` and
then `linkerd-control-plane`.

### linkerd-base

The `linkerd-base` chart sets up all the cluster-level resources, including

> CRDs. Therefore you require cluster-level privileges for setting it up:

Reviewer: This is very nitpicky, but perhaps

```suggestion
CRDs. Therefore it requires cluster-level privileges for setting it up:
```

might read better? wdyt

```bash
helm install linkerd-base -n linkerd --create-namespace linkerd/linkerd-base
```

{{< note >}}
This will create the `linkerd` namespace. If it already exists or you're
creating it beforehand elsewhere in your pipeline, just omit the
`--create-namespace` flag.
{{< /note >}}

### linkerd-control-plane

The `linkerd-control-plane` chart sets up all the resources inside the `linkerd`
namespace. It only requires namespace-level privileges.

```bash
helm install linkerd-control-plane \
  -n linkerd \
  --set-file identityTrustAnchorsPEM=ca.crt \
  --set-file identity.issuer.tls.crtPEM=issuer.crt \
  --set-file identity.issuer.tls.keyPEM=issuer.key \
  linkerd/linkerd-control-plane
```

{{< note >}}
You can use a different namespace, but it must be the same you referred to when
installing `linkerd-base`.
{{< /note >}}

## Disabling The Proxy Init Container

If installing with CNI, make sure that you add the `--set
cniEnabled=true` flag to your `helm install` command in both charts.

## Setting High-Availability

> Both charts contain a file `values-ha.yaml` that override some default values as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both charts contain a file `values-ha.yaml` that overrides some default values as
```
